I3-Automaton Readme

I3 Automaton is a framework designed to make installing, creating, and sharing "Themes", Workflows, or customizations to I3WM and a few different suites of applications that work around it as well.
This framework is being designed to be extensible, modular, and flexible to allow "Theme" creators to have a high level of customizability with the way they handle their setups.

Currently Deeply WIP



[Installation Instructions]
Run bootstrapper.sh - This will check for Python3, Pip3, and Ansible at the latest package manager version (to when this was last updated), if they are not already installed it will install them.

If bootstrapper.sh does not automatically run configBuilder.sh please run it manually after the bootstrapper has finished up!

configBuilder.SH - This script will prompt the user for various settings they would like to automatically include inthe configuration files of i3 or the related suite of applications attached to this theme builder.
IE:
Will ask user what program launcher they would like to use (Rofi vs. Dmenu)
Will ask user (In hex codes, albeit a few simple colors such as red blue green yellow etc will be accepted input) what colors they would like various parts of the UI to exist as
Will ask users what "Widgets" they would like their i3 blocks configuration to automatically show and which ones they would like to shut off
etc...
(Feature list on this script will be expanded as further progress is made on i3-Automaton)



Run

ansible-playbook setup.yaml

next, This ansible playbook sets up the folder structure for the configuration files, as well as for the wallpaper management. It then copies the most current version of all configuration files as well as the logo file into their respective folders.

Next, Run ansible-playbook install.yaml

Select if you would like the Lite installation of I3 Automaton during this step, please use "yes" and "no" to make your choice and not y/n!
The lite installation stops the snap installation of Spotify, Discord, and Brave, and only installs neccesary packages for the theme manager to run properly.

This next file will take care of automatically installing I3, as well as the dependent programs this specific theme runs off of








